This is your complete guide to posting
one time per day on Instagram without
burning out through the magical tool
that is known as batching.
>> [music]
>> Now, today's episode is not just going
to be about batching content. It's going
to be about the five key strategies that
I use to post consistently without
burning out. Now, I'm sure you've heard
it before, consistency is king, but what
does that even mean? Well, on Instagram,
the more you post, the more you [music]
grow. And when I say post as in the more
you post or post one per day, I'm
talking about feed posts. Stories have a
completely different purpose, and if you
want a full video on how to boost your
story views, I posted that just last
week. So, go ahead and go back and watch
that video if you haven't already. And
also, if you haven't already, don't
forget to hit that subscribe button
because we're super close to 100,000
subscribers, and I always forget to ask,
but I did a good job. Go Brock. I
actually remembered to ask you at the
beginning of today's episode. But back
to what we were talking about, the more
you post, the more you grow. There is a
direct correlation on Instagram between
the frequency in which you post to your
feed and the amount of growth that you
see every single month. So, how much
should you post? Once a day, twice a
day, once a week, once a month? The more
you post, the more you grow. At the time
of recording this, I have posted
consecutively for the last 1,792
days, and most of those days I've posted
more than once. And in fact, I have been
accelerating my posting rate over the
last 2 years from twice a day to three
times a day to now over five times per
day. And no, I am not a full-time
content creator. I am a business owner
first and foremost, and I'm someone who
very much values my free time and my
priorities. I'm not one of these hustle
culture bros who's making posts at 3:00
a.m. Most days I don't even start
working until around 11:00 a.m., and by
5:00 p.m. I am absolutely done working
because my dogs need to go for a walk.
The vast majority of my time is spent
running the actual InstaClubHub
business, and I only create posts every
couple days at most. Sometimes I'll even
go a week or even up to two or three
weeks without creating a single post for
Instagram. So, yes, I know a a or two
about getting consistent on Instagram.
And so, my first tip to help you get
consistent on Instagram and achieve your
one post per day goal is to remember
that slow and steady wins the race.
While it can be tempting to hear that
people like me post five times a day or
Jamie Brindle, who I interviewed a few
weeks ago, is posting 12 times a day, I
instead want you to focus on what you
can sustain. Now, when I say what you
can sustain, I want you to literally
look at how many times have you posted
in the last 90 days. That will give you
a good snapshot of what you have
realistically been able to sustain
before you watched today's episode. And
part of this tip is also recognizing
that you cannot compare what you can
sustain to what anyone else can sustain,
because that's just going to lead to
unrealistic expectations, burnout, and
frustrations. The reality is we all have
different capabilities, resources,
energy levels. Some of us have a team,
some of us are solo entrepreneurs. Some
of us have really big goals and we want
to hit a million followers this year.
Some of us are just trying to hit a
thousand followers this year. So,
whatever that number is for you, that's
fine. But, we're not just going to stick
with that number. We're going to
challenge ourselves to post a little bit
more. Now, of course, when I say that,
that probably conjures up images of
hustle culture and grind mentality into
your mind. I am not here to tell you
that if you want to post more on
Instagram, you just need to work harder,
stay up later, sacrifice your family,
your friends, your hobbies, and just
make more posts for Instagram. Instead,
what I'm here to do is to show you how
to work smarter, not harder, so that you
can challenge yourself to push yourself
outside of your comfort zone, because in
life and in Instagram, that's where
growth comes from. But, we're going to
work smarter. We're going to use
automations. We're going to use systems
in order to increase our output without
having to drastically change the input.
The second thing that you can do to get
consistent on Instagram is to feck
perfection. And I hope you understand
what I'm saying right now, because I
can't say the actual words here on
YouTube. But, I want you to stop
over-analyzing every post you make. Stop
trying to make every post a touchdown,
slam dunk, home run, perfect, A+ post.
Instead, your goal should be to have the
post posted. And ultimately, we have
have all admit to ourselves that we
don't really know whether a post is good
or not until we posted it. Let me ask
you this. Have you ever made a post that
you thought was going to go viral, you
thought it was going to crush, you
thought it was going to do super well,
and then you posted it and it flopped
and it failed, right? And then let me
also ask you this. Have you ever made a
post that you just kind of whipped up,
you didn't think much of, you posted
without much planning, and it ended up
doing well, doing better than the
average, maybe even going viral. Yeah,
me too. That happens all the time. And
that's because we are all horrible
judges of our own content. Not to get
too scientific or philosophical or
psychological on you, but basically our
ego gets too close to these posts. We
are too in love with the post to be able
to judge them fairly. And so ultimately,
the only true way to judge your post is
to post it and then see how it performs.
But if you ask 99% of business owners
and content creators, they will tell you
that their best performing posts are the
posts that not cost the most to make,
had the highest production value, had
the most time spent editing, had the
most time scripting and revising in Chat
GPT. They were instead the posts that
were the most raw, the most real, the
most imperfect, and the most authentic.
One of my hot takes is that burnout on
social media doesn't come from posting
too much. It comes from overthinking,
overanalyzing, and stressing out over a
post until the point that you either
give up and you're like, "Okay, I'm just
going to post it." Or you're like,
"Finally, I got it perfect." But then
either way, you post it and it flops and
it fails. And it's that negative
feedback loop that is really draining
for content creators. And over time,
that is what leads to burnout. Burnout
doesn't come from just posting too much
because if I told you that all you had
to do to grow on Instagram was literally
post any random photo from your camera
roll every single day, you could do that
without much energy or effort. It
wouldn't take you very much time. And
also, your expectations would probably
be really low, and so that wouldn't burn
you out. So as someone who does this for
a living, who has coached some of the
biggest influencers in the world, and
works with Fortune 500 companies, I give
you permission to post things that are
not perfect, to post things that are
just good enough. One of the quotes that
my mom told me when I went off to
college was that C's get degrees. And I
think you can apply that to your content
as well. You don't have to make an A+
post, you have to make a C level post.
Good enough, and then you can learn from
there, you can grow from there, and
ultimately, you don't really know if
it's going to be a C, a B, an A, or an F
before you press post. But with that
being said, let's get into strategy
number three for posting every single
day, and that is batching your content.
Now, within this step, have eight sub
steps that I'm going to walk you through
so that batching isn't just a vague
definition of create posts in bulk and
post them later, but there's actually a
systematic approach that you can use
over and over again in order to create a
lot of content in a short amount of
time. For the last few years, I've been
using Notion to basically organize my
entire life. It's so much more than just
a to-do list app, it's truly a one-stop
shop for organizing any area of your
life or business. And it's not just
great at organization, it's also great
at automations as well. There's so many
complex things that you can do and build
that can happen automatically and
instantly within Notion. And now, for
the first time, they are introducing
Notion AI Agents. The new Notion Custom
Agents will allow you to automatically
perform advanced tasks without you even
having to lift a finger. For example, I
built a Notion Custom Agent that
automatically pulls the link to any reel
that I've posted, and then it pulls out
the text that I say or the text on the
screen in the first few seconds of the
reel. Basically, it pulls out my hook.
And then it's able to look at how that
post performed and compare it to the
hook, which allows me to see which hooks
are actually working so that I can reuse
them and tweak them for future reels.
Notion is an AI-powered connected
workspace for teams. Notion brings all
of your notes, docs, and projects into
one space that just works. It's
seamless, flexible, powerful, and with
AI built in, you spend less time
switching between different apps and
tools, and more time creating great
work. Now, with Notion's Custom Agents,
busy work that used to take hours, or
let's be honest, didn't really get done
at all, runs itself. The easiest way to
think about the difference between a
custom agent and normal AI is that
normal AI requires you as the human to
prompt it, but custom agents work for
you 24/7 behind the scenes without you
having to lift a finger. But don't just
take my word for it. Notion is used by
more than half of Fortune 500 companies
and some of the fastest growing
companies in the world, like OpenAI, the
company behind ChatGPT. Try custom
agents now at notion.com/byt.
That's all lowercase notion n o t i o n
.com/byt.
To try custom agents today, and when you
use my link, you're supporting our show.
Again, notion.com/byt.
Before we even get into the first step
of batching, something that I don't
necessarily do myself, but that I know
has been very helpful for many of our
InstaClubHub members, is number one,
actually scheduling the time that you're
going to be batching. This is especially
helpful if you're someone who has a very
jam-packed calendar. I think this is
going to be super helpful if you are a
parent or someone who doesn't
necessarily always have 100% control
over their schedule. Basically, treat
content creation and social media like a
meeting. Treat it like any other part of
your business. Treat it like a workout
class. Sign up for a specific time slot
or add it to your calendar that, "Hey,
on Tuesdays from 1:30 to 3:00 p.m., you
are going to be batching your content."
Now, personally, I have a little bit
more freedom baked into my schedule, so
I can be a little bit more flexible as
to when I create content, and I can
create content more so on the days where
I'm feeling inspired, where I'm looking
good, where I have the energy, and I
feel like I'm going to have the
on-camera charisma. And that's what
works for me, but if you're someone who
just needs to put it on the calendar or
it won't get done, definitely do that.
And then the second tip before we
actually get into the steps of batching
is to get an accountability partner.
Again, that's something that I don't
necessarily have myself, and not to toot
my own horn and make myself sound cool,
but I have the discipline that if I say
I'm going to post every single day, well
then, yeah, I'm going to make sure that
I post every single day. But I recognize
that for some people that might be
tougher, for some people it might be
easier if you just find someone, maybe
it's a loved one, a friend, a spouse, a
colleague, someone in a local
entrepreneurship group who can hold you
accountable. Regardless of how I feel or
what personally works for me, I know
it's absolutely true that we are more
likely to skip out on, cheat, and lie to
ourselves than we are to do that to
someone else. So, finding an
accountability partner can be super
helpful if you are just getting started
in creating the habit of being
consistent on Instagram. Step number one
of the batching process is you need to
get ideas. Before we can make a bunch of
posts all at once, we need to have ideas
as to what we are going to make. One of
my favorite ways to get inspiration and
to get ideas is from other people. Now,
of course, you could get ideas and
inspiration from other people in your
niche, but I think that that often
creates an echo chamber or a parrot
situation where every single person who
is a fitness coach is posting just like
everyone else who is a fitness coach,
and no one is really standing out. So,
instead, one of my favorite things to do
is to look at other niches. For example,
I love looking at the fitness niche. I
love watching snowboarding content. I
love watching what creative real estate
agents are doing to sell houses, and
then taking little bits out of those
reels, taking inspiration from that
content, and applying it to my own. I
also love seeing popular trends or video
formats and thinking, "How could I apply
these to my own niche? How could I put
my own unique spin on it?" The easiest
way to collect these ideas would be in a
saved collection on Instagram. Just hit
that bookmark button, and then you can
create individual collections for
individual post types. You could have an
entire big collection with just every
possible post that you want to recreate.
You can really customize your saved
folders however works best for you, but
there's actually a better way that you
can save posts on Instagram and make it
so that they're easier to access and
easier to use when it's actually time to
batch. I learned about the system from
Steve Mellor, so shoutout to him, but
essentially what you're going to be
doing is sending your posts to yourself,
and then you're going to use a ManyChat
automation to automatically take the
post that you have sent to yourself and
add it to a Google Sheet. All right, so
this is what the flow in ManyChat is
going to look like in order to save your
content automatically and then to give
you a little sneak preview of the Google
Sheet. This is essentially what your
Google Sheet will look like with date,
link, and then you can add additional
columns here that you can either
manually fill in about each post or you
could use some integrations through
Zapier and other tools to use AI to
automatically look at this link and then
fill out these other columns with things
like the caption, the hook, etc. This is
definitely a little bit more advanced,
so if you're brand new to ManyChat or if
you've never used DM automation at all,
you can probably just fast forward
through this part. But essentially, the
trigger for this automation is that I'm
going to receive a message containing
HTTP. Because of course, if you are
sending an Instagram post to yourself,
that post has a link that begins with
HTTP.
Then, you are going to set up two
actions. One is a user field so that the
latest response includes the last text
input. This basically just tells the
automation that, "Hey, whatever the last
message that I received is, whatever the
last piece of text is, which in this
case will be the link to a post, I want
you to note that. And then I also want
you, being the DM automation, to note
the date and time that this action
occurred." So, the date and time that
the post was received. Then, you add a
condition so that it's only if the
Instagram username is your username. If
you don't add this condition, then
anytime anyone, friends, family, or
anyone at all sends you a post on
Instagram, it will run this automation.
So, just set it up so that the contact
matches all of the following conditions
and then set it so that it's the
Instagram username. You can do that by
going to system fields, scrolling down
to Instagram, and then tapping on the
button that says Instagram username, and
then you just type in your own username.
And then it will give you a green circle
for what will happen if this is true and
what will happen if the contact does not
match this name. Of course, if the
contact does not match this name, that
means that it was a post sent to you not
by yourself, and so you could have it do
nothing or I have it add a tag that it's
not going to run the save bot. If it is
green, as in yes, it was you sending a
post to yourself, then you have it run
an action, which would be inserting a
row into this Google Sheet. Now, you do
have to create this Google Sheet prior
to creating this automation, or else the
automation won't have any Google Sheet
to reference, right? It won't have
anywhere to send the link. So, you just
set up a blank document, name it
whatever you want, add a date column and
a link column, and then come back to
ManyChat and press insert row. It will
ask you for the name of the spreadsheet,
the worksheet if you have multiple
sheets within the spreadsheet, and then
you can set it so that the date column
is referencing the date and time, which
we previously set up, and the link
column is referencing the latest
response or the most recent message that
you have sent yourself. And then I set
it up for ManyChat to automatically say
got it saved, just so that I know that
the automation took place and it
actually ran correctly. So, now anytime
I send myself a link, it will
automatically be saved to this Google
Sheet, and I won't have to open
Instagram and potentially get distracted
or potentially fall into a doom
scrolling pit of despair. Instead, I can
reference all of my saved posts right
here.
Once you have your list of ideas, the
second step in my batching process is to
create a list of repeatable formats.
Now, this is something that I've talked
about in a past episode of Build Your
Tribe, but essentially, these are
templates, if you will, or formats for
your reels that you can do over and over
and over again. Maybe from that list of
content that you just saved, you're
going to recognize some repeatable
formats in there. Maybe you have already
created some repeatable formats on your
own Instagram without realizing it. But,
if neither of those things are true,
here are three repeatable formats that I
have personally used that you can
absolutely steal and use as your own
repeatable format. The first one is what
I call my trophy reel. Essentially, I
just filmed a video of myself holding up
my hands, and then I added in emoji of a
trophy. You could also film a video of
yourself and just literally hold up a
trophy if you happen to have one handy.
But then, you save the video with no
text. What this allows you to do is in
the future, possibly even every single
month, you can take that video and just
change who the award is being presented
to. So, in my case, I will say, "This
award is presented to anyone who didn't
use X trending audio. This award is
presented to anyone who didn't buy
followers in 2025." "This award is
presented to anyone who didn't cuss out
Adam Mosseri." If you're a real estate
agent, you could say, "This award is
presented to the client who didn't
schedule an open house during the Super
Bowl." If you were a fitness coach, you
could say something like, "This award is
presented to anyone who actually tracked
their macros every day this week." Are
you ready to take your business's
marketing to the next level? Meet Brevo,
the all-in-one marketing and CRM
platform that's designed to help you
connect with customers, boost
engagement, and grow your business
smarter. With Brevo, you can manage all
of your customer interactions in one
place. Nurture your leads with their
built-in CRM, reach your audience
through email and SMS, and keep them
coming back with powerful automations.
But here's where it gets really
exciting. Meet Aura, Brevo's AI
assistant. Aura helps you craft smarter
campaigns by suggesting personalized
content, optimizing send times, and even
analyzing performance data to improve
your strategy in real time. It's like
having a marketing expert on your team
who works 24/7. And of course, Brevo
also offers advanced analytics, seamless
integrations, and AI-driven
personalization. Everything that you
need to create multi-channel campaigns
that hit the mark every single time. Get
started for free today, or use code
TRIBE50 to save 50% off their starter
and standard plans for the first 3
months of the annual subscription. Just
head to www.brevo.com/tribe
and take your marketing further with
Brevo and Aura. The second repeatable
format of mine that you are welcome to
steal is the how every generation does
something real. I have a couple
different versions. I have how different
generations post on stories, how
different generations post on Halloween,
how different generations post on
Christmas. And almost every single time
I do one of these, it goes viral.
Essentially, all you have to do to use
this for yourself is apply how different
generations and then finish the sentence
with something that relates to your
niche. So, if you are in the mental
health niche, you could say how
different generations deal with anxiety.
If you were a dog trainer, you could say
how different generations teach sit. And
you could even repeat that format with
every single trick that a dog could
learn. And then the third and final
repeatable format, I'm not going to
claim this one is mine, but you are
welcome to steal it, is the dude with a
sign or dude that with a sign approach.
Basically, just grab a piece of
cardboard, write some sort of message,
some sort of hot take, some sort of
unpopular opinion, some sort of quote or
story or quick tip or something that you
have noticed about the world that
relates to your niche, take a picture of
yourself holding it up. Pro tip, make
sure that you're not holding it up in
your living room. Make sure that you're
actually like standing on the street.
Even better if you're clearly in a
crowded area like New York or LA or any
other big city. Hold up that sign, take
a picture and/or video of yourself, and
then you can repeat that every single
month by simply having a different
message on the sign. Some other
repeatable formats that I like to use
are a video of myself crying. Again, I
saved a video of myself crying without
any text on it, and I just change up the
text to change what is making me cry.
Another repeatable format that I use is
celebrity quotes about Instagram. So,
you could find celebrity quotes that
relate to your niche. Basically, coming
up with your own list of repeatable
formats will make content creation
easier because then not every single
reel has to be like a long,
high-production value talking head reel,
nor does it have to be something that
you start from scratch and reinvent the
wheel every single time with. Instead,
you can take some of these existing
videos, some existing B-roll, or an
existing format that you've already
done, and just swap out the text or
change one minor thing about the video,
and boom, you have a fresh piece of
content for the next week or the next
month. Once I have my list of reels that
have inspired me that I want to in some
way recreate or emulate, and I have my
list of repeatable formats. I organize
those all into one master spreadsheet.
This is also when I'll write down and
include any fresh ideas. Like if I have
something that is purely from my brain
without any outside inspiration or any
outside previous post that I'm drawing
ideas from, I will add those ideas to
this sheet as well at this time. Then,
also part of this step is don't just put
everything in one master spreadsheet. I
add two columns, one column for the
difficulty level of the post. And when I
say difficulty, basically, I estimate
how hard will it be to make this. Is
this something where I'm going to have
to include multiple people, and it's
going to be a lot of editing and a lot
of production, and it's going to be a
whole skit? Or is this something that
I'm just going to have to change the
text on an existing video? And then the
other column is just for what type of
post is this? Is it a carousel? Is it a
reel? Is it an infographic? Is it a
meme? Is it a B-roll reel? Is it a
photo? What kind of post is it? I find
that helpful to know. For me,
personally, those first three steps in
this process are things that I'm kind of
always doing. I'm constantly on the hunt
as I'm sc- rolling for inspiring reels.
I'm constantly getting inspiration from
TV shows and books that I'm watching.
So, I'm always kind of collecting post
ideas. And that's what works for me.
Maybe you need to have a specific
dedicated time where you're going to be
looking for ideas and scrolling for
inspiration. If that works for you,
knock your socks off. But for me, I kind
of let inspiration come to me whenever
it comes. Step number four is something
that I do specifically set aside time
for and that I don't just kind of do
willy-nilly, and that is the actual
script writing or the outlining or the
planning of what each post is going to
be. So far in step one and step two,
we're primarily getting loose ideas,
inspirations, topics for posts, general
formats, but we're not necessarily
writing out the entire script just yet.
We're not necessarily fully planning out
every word that's going to be said. That
is instead what this step is for. Step
four is for that planning process. This
is also when I will start to use ChatGPT
or the BrockBot to get a little bit of
AI assistance in my post writing. I like
to use generative text based AI to make
my posts more concise, easier to
understand, or just simpler. Step number
five is to actually film the content.
And when I say film the content, that's
all we're doing in this step. People
often times have a tendency to film a
video, edit a video, film a video, edit
a video, write the caption. And they're
doing all of these different steps. And
when you do multiple steps at a time,
you are less productive because every
time you switch tasks, you have the
opportunity to get distracted, and your
brain just has to change what it's
focused on. If instead, you just focus
on filming, filming, filming, then
you're going to be able to get a lot
more done during that filming session.
Personally, during my recording
sessions, I like to start with the easy
stuff first. There are some people I
know who start with the harder videos,
the ones that take a little bit more
time, energy, or effort, because then
they know, "Hey, at least I got that big
thing off my to-do list, and I'm done
with it." But the way I look at it is
whether it's a big thing that took a lot
of work, a a high production value reel,
or it was something that was very, very
simple and easy to make, either way,
it's equal to one post. And so, if I can
do 12 easy posts in the time that I
would have done one really hard post, 12
is greater than one. And just because
that one is higher production value or
took more time, doesn't necessarily mean
it's going to do better. So again, I
start by focusing on the easy stuff
first, what I like to call the
low-hanging fruit. The one thing that I
find super helpful when I'm filming,
besides just filming, is I track what I
have filmed. Because sometimes I can get
on a roll, and suddenly I'm having ideas
flow out, and I'm saying things that I'm
coming up with content on the fly that
wasn't even scripted or planned, and
then I get to the end of the day, and
I'm like, "Whoa, I have these 14 files.
Is this 14 unique videos? What did I
record today? What needs to be uploaded?
What needs to be sent here or there?"
And so, as you go, whether you're
tracking it in a spreadsheet, or even
just in your notes app on your phone, or
heck, even just writing it on a piece of
paper, try to write down every single
individual post that you have filmed. So
when you get to the end of the day, or
when you get to the next few steps in
the process, you have an idea as to what
you just made. When I'm filming
something like let's say a trending
audio or a viral format that a lot of
other people have made, I will just
record myself lip-syncing the audio or
acting out whatever I'm supposed to be
acting out in this video, but I won't
worry about the text on the screen yet.
I won't worry about what is it going to
say, how is it going to relate to my
niche, how am I going to take this viral
sound bite from The Office and make it
applicable to Instagram hashtags? I
don't worry about any of that yet. I
just film myself as the actor. I just
film myself doing whatever I'm supposed
to be doing for that particular trend.
If I'm doing a talking head reel, one of
my favorite things to do is to record
individual sentences or individual
clauses one at a time. So, rather than
trying to speak for 60 seconds straight
and remember my whole script or like
glance down at my notes while I'm
talking, I will just say one sentence
and then I'll pause.
And then I'll say my second sentence and
then I'll pause.
I'll check my notes, I'll refresh myself
on what I need to know, and then I'll
say my third sentence, and then I'll
pause. Or sometimes I'll even just say
half a sentence at a time. I'll say
these individual independent clauses,
pausing between each one so that my
energy can stay high, I can stay as
concise as I want it to be, and I can
stick to the script without having to
memorize the script. Then, once you are
completely done filming because you're
losing your voice or the kids got home
or you got to go to your next thing, I
want you to upload every single file to
some sort of cloud-based storage system.
Whether you use Google Drive or Dropbox
or some other software, I do not care,
but you need to be storing your content
somewhere. Please stop saving it in your
camera roll. Even if you filmed a bunch
of videos on your phone and they're in
your camera roll, send them to your
computer via AirDrop or whatever you got
to do and upload them all to a
cloud-based storage system. This way you
have all of that footage backed up and
saved somewhere, and once it's in
something like Google Drive or Dropbox,
you can put it in folders within folders
within folders, you can label it, you
can add notes, and it makes the
searching for this content and finding
it in the future so much easier. You no
longer have to scroll through your
camera roll and find, "Oh yeah, what was
that video about?" and watch it for a
few seconds to remind yourself. No, you
already have it labeled, you have notes,
and you have it all categorized and
organized so that you can easily find it
in the future. This is where the whole
track while you film thing really pays
off because then you can just easily
label everything before you even upload
it. That way it's categorized and easy
to find once it's in there. This is also
the step where you could share your
footage with an editor or with your team
if you happen to have one. Now, I do
want to say for my first four or five
years of being a full-time social media
expert, a business owner, content
creator, I was creating and editing all
of my posts. And admittedly, yes,
there's a little bit of ego involved.
There's a little bit of, "Well, I know
how to edit. I like editing. No one's
going to be able to edit the way I
like." Or I was thinking, "I don't
really want to pay someone X number of
dollars per reel. I'll just do it myself
and it will save time." But in reality,
it won't save time because
editor is going to be able to edit way
faster than you or I ever could. And not
paying an editor is not going to be
saving you money. It's actually going to
be costing you money because the hours
that you're spending editing your videos
could be spent on other more productive
tasks. Things that only you could do.
Things that are within your zone of
genius or even things like spending time
with your family and friends, enjoying
your hobbies, or just living your life.
So now, yes, I do have an editor for my
talking head reels. If it's a trending
audio reel that's 7 seconds long, I
don't need a professional editor to edit
that. But if I'm doing a talking head
reel, if I'm doing a vlog style reel, if
I'm doing a day in the life reel, if I'm
doing a tutorial reel, basically any
reel that has multiple scenes, multiple
cuts, and it has dynamic editing, I'm
passing that off to my full-time editor.
For those things that aren't being
passed off to my full-time editor, I
will set aside another time in the
future to edit all of my content. For
most people, I find that the mindset
that you have to be in to be on camera
and to film things, is different than
the mindset that you have to be in to
actually be in edit mode. And so again,
like I said earlier, don't try to do
both at the same time, but definitely
set aside a time or schedule a time
window where you are going to edit all
of these videos that you just filmed. As
someone who cooks about 95% of their
meals at home, and no, that's not an
exaggeration, usually the only meal that
Tay and I eat out each week is our sushi
Saturday. What we eat, what we prepare,
it matters a lot to us. why I'm so
excited to introduce you to our newest
sponsor, HelloFresh. HelloFresh allows
you to choose between more than 100
recipes every single week, including
cuisines from all around the world, and
bigger portions that satisfy everyone.
Over 35 of those weekly recipes are
high-protein recipes, which fires me up,
and it allows me to feel great because I
know that I'm eating wholesome
ingredients like sustainably sourced
seafood and 100% antibiotic and
hormone-free chicken. And of course,
most important of all is how it tastes,
and let me tell you, it actually tastes
really good. This helps me be a better
business owner because I'm able to eat
meals that taste good and help me feel
satisfied. I don't have to spend as much
time thinking or prepping each meal, and
I can make sure that I'm hitting my
protein goals in the process. Go to
hellofresh.com/byt10fm
to get 10 free meals plus a
Freeze-Willing knife, which is a $144.99
value on your third box. This offer is
only valid while supplies last. Free
meals applied at discount on your first
box for new subscribers only and varies
by plan. Three quick tips that I have
for you for your ending process. Number
one, my favorite new AI tool is
gling.ai. No, they're not sponsoring
this episode, but gling.ai can
automatically edit your videos for you,
and it works super, super well. In fact,
the rough edit of the podcast that
you're watching was edited with
gling.ai, so definitely check that out,
super helpful. The second thing is edit
on CapCut desktop. If I am editing my
own talking head video for whatever
reason, or really editing anything that
isn't just an in-Instagram 7-second
trending audio, I will use the CapCut
desktop app because I find it's much
easier to use and much faster than
CapCut mobile or any other mobile or any
other mobile editing app for that
matter. And then the final thing that I
will say is that when I'm editing, I cut
based off of the sound and that makes
the editing process much faster. This is
something that is not possible in the
edits app, unfortunately. Adam, Adam
Mosseri, if you're watching this, please
consider adding wavelengths and audios
to the edits app. It would make editing
much more efficient. But essentially,
I'll put a little tutorial on the screen
right now. When I am editing my videos
in CapCut, instead of watching the
entire video and pausing and cutting at
certain moments, I just go straight to
where I see the wave files or the audio
kind of spike up and I know that's the
beginning of my sentence and then I go
to the end of that sentence. And if I
see multiple little spikes in a row,
well then I know that oh, I probably
made a mistake at some point in that
sentence and so I was just starting
over. So I can go right to the last
take. I know that my last take was the
best take. I cut out everything before,
I cut out everything after and I know
that that was my one good take that I'm
going to save. The final step, step
number eight in my batching process, is
to upload, schedule and write captions.
Now, when I say upload and schedule, my
favorite tool for doing this is
Metricool. Metricool is what I use to
schedule about 90% of my posts. So I
will upload everything to Metricool. I
will then add a caption, which by the
way, let me say, most captions are
overdone. Most captions are too long.
They're overwritten. They're too wordy.
They're too lengthy and most people
ain't reading them anyways. So sure,
there will be a few posts here or there
where I will have to write out a longer
caption, but for most of my posts, my
captions are very simple. They may be
one to two sentences just kind of
restating what the post was about and or
including a call to action so that
people are more likely to engage. So
that in a nutshell is my entire batching
process and that is something that I do
up to twice a week, but realistically
more like once a week or even once every
other week. But, that is not all that
I'm doing to stay consistent on
Instagram. My fourth strategy for
staying consistent on Instagram also
involves Metricool, and that's
duplicating every single post that I
just made. So, when you finish the
batching process, you're likely going to
have most, if not all, of those posts be
evergreen. What I mean by that is that
they make sense today, they're going to
make sense 3 months from now, and they
would have made sense 3 months ago.
There are exceptions to this. Like, for
example, if I post a Grinch meme around
Christmas time, that would not be
evergreen. That's very much tied to a
season. But, if you have content that is
evergreen, content where it wouldn't
matter if someone watches it in March or
if they watch it in June,
duplicate it. Create a copy of that
post. Some scheduling tools make this
easier than other. I like Metricool
because I can literally just press the
duplicate button, and then schedule that
post to be posted again at least 60 days
from now. Preferably 90 days or more,
but at a minimum, 60 days in the future.
And then, you can repeat this process a
third time, and a fourth time, and you
can continue repeating this process.
That way, when you're batching content,
you didn't just make 12 posts, you made
24 or 36 posts because all 12 of those
original posts that you just made are
going to be directly re-uploaded a
second, third, or fourth time. And this
brings us to my fifth and final tip for
staying consistent on Instagram, which
is what I like to call upcycling.
Upcycling is my fancy name for the
strategy where you basically take any
post that you have already posted or
already created, and you either
re-upload it, as we were just
describing, or you slightly recreate it.
People need to hear things over and over
and over again. And so, just because you
talked about a topic, just because you
told a story, just because you gave a
tip once, doesn't mean that it stuck
with people, let alone maybe even reach
them. Every single day, I hear from so
many business owners, "Nobody is seeing
what I post." And I also hear from so
many of those same business owners, "I
can't re-upload that. Everyone already
saw my post." No, they didn't. Most
people did not see your post. And the
very few who did, they do not remember.
At most, it's 1% of your viewers who are
going to remember your post 90 days
later. The reality is they've seen tens
of thousands, if not hundreds of
thousands of posts between the first
time you uploaded it and the second time
you uploaded it. So, don't lie to
yourself. They don't remember. And if it
was that good, if it was that
educational, that valuable, that
entertaining, they wouldn't mind seeing
it again. So, for every single post you
make, as long as it's evergreen, I want
you to schedule it to be posted three
times and try to create three different
variations of it, where you take the
same idea, the same story, the same
topic, the same tips, and you maybe
present it in a different format. Maybe
one is a B-roll reel with a long
caption. Maybe one is a carousel. Maybe
one is a talking head reel, where you
just are reading the caption that you
used on your other post. Essentially,
same idea, same tips, just in a
different style. And if you do all of
this, you're going to end up with so
much more content and it's going to be a
force multiplier. I truly believe that
the more posts you make, the easier it
becomes to make even more posts. If
you're currently posting three or four
times a week and you want to post once a
day, that's going to be tough. But then
as soon as you start posting once a day,
posting twice a day isn't that much
harder. And then going from two posts a
day to three posts a day is almost
nothing. Going from three to five posts
a day is easy. The challenge for you is
just going to be getting over that
initial hump, pushing yourself to
actually get consistent and to build the
habit. The final thing that I will say
is this. Do not rely on motivation.
There are plenty of days where I'm not
motivated to make a post. There are
plenty of days where I'm not motivated
to show up on Instagram, but I have the
discipline to show up anyways, because I
know that my future self is watching. I
know that there are hundreds, maybe
thousands, maybe millions of people who
could be reached by me showing up today.
And to say the other side of that coin,
there are hundreds, maybe thousands,
maybe millions of people who are missing
out on my posts, who are missing out on
my business, who will never hear about
me if I don't post because I don't feel
like it. I don't feel motivated. Screw
your motivation and be [music]
disciplined enough to show up every
single day. Thank you so much for
watching and as always, happy
networking.
>> [music]
[music]